Update Exchange-Teams-interact.md (#7468)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

- Mailboxes are hosted in Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 3 or later.

> - Autodiscover, Exchange Web Services (EWS) and REST API (for presence status) virtual directories are published externally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autodiscover, Exchange Web Services (EWS), and REST API (for presence status) virtual directories are published externally.
```

- In an Exchange hybrid deployment, content from chat messages is searchable regardless of whether chat participants have a cloud-based mailbox or an on-premises mailbox. To learn more, read [Searching cloud-based mailboxes for on-premises users](/office365/securitycompliance/search-cloud-based-mailboxes-for-on-premises-users). To learn about searching for content in Teams, read [Content Search in the Microsoft 365 Compliance Center](/Office365/SecurityCompliance/content-search#searching-microsoft-teams-and-office-365-groups).

> - For presence status, Microsoft Teams must check whether the mailbox is hosted on Exchange Online or on-premises. The service then decides where to access the mailbox. To enable the Teams service to check the mailbox location through the REST API call. Please note that presence updates are pulled each 60min for Exchange on-premises hosted mailoboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For presence status, Microsoft Teams must check whether the mailbox is hosted on Exchange Online or on-premises. The service then decides where to access the mailbox to enable the Teams service to check the mailbox location through the REST API call. Please note that presence updates are pulled every 60 minutes for Exchange on-premises hosted mailboxes.
```

Author: This statement is actually incorrect: "To enable the Teams service to check the mailbox location through the REST API call"
The mailbox location determined using AutodiscoverV2. Please rephrase the bullet point to:

"For the presence status, Microsoft Teams must check whether the mailbox is hosted on Exchange Online or on-premises. This is determined by doing a AutodiscoverV2 request for REST, the service then decides where to access the mailbox. Please note that presence updates are pulled each 60min for Exchange on-premises hosted mailboxes."

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation. I have updated my suggestion accordingly.

Author: very good, thanks!
